Track2 documentation for ga (#18869)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/next-generation-quickstart.md

Getting Started - Using the next-generation management libraries of Azure SDK for JavaScript/TypeScript
=============================================================

We are excited to announce the GA of a new set of management plane libraries for JavaScript/TypeScript. Those libraries contain a number of new features including Azure Identity support, HTTP pipeline, error-handling.,etc, and

> they also follow the new Azure SDK guidelines which create easy-to-use

Reviewer: `and follow`. Not `and they also follow`

they also follow the new Azure SDK guidelines which create easy-to-use
APIs that are idiomatic, compatible, and dependable. See [TypeScript Design Guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/typescript_design.html) for more information.

> Currently, we have GAed several packages such as `azure/arm-resources`, `@azure/arm-storage`, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, we have released GA version of several packages such as `azure/arm-resources`, `@azure/arm-storage`, 
```

As an example, to install the Azure Compute module, you would run :

```sh

> npm i @azure/arm-compute@latest

Reviewer 3: I don‘t think we need to add `@latest` here because it uses latest package by default.

Author: for those who's already install an older version of @azure/arm-compute in their project. npm will not pick up the latest one.
